New session doc (#419)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/specs/clients/auth/session-events.md

import Table from '../../../components/Table';

# Session Events

## Events

You can set up event listeners to perform an action when these events are emitted.

<Table 
headers={[ "Event", "Description", "Who Should Listen" ]}
data={[
{
    event: "auth_request",

>     description: "Emitted wallet when there is a request for authentication from a dapp.",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: "Emitted by wallet when there is a request for authentication from a dapp.",
```

>     whoShouldListen: "Dapps"

Reviewer: Who should listen is the wrong way round here, wallet listens for auth_request, dapp listens for the auth_response for said request.

Author: I made the change - but now I'm a little confused by the wording?

For `auth_request` if this event is emitted by the wallet, then why would it also listen for it? Perhaps my understanding here is incorrect. I thought if client A emits and event, thats so that client B can listen for it?

  },
  {
    event: "auth_response",
    description: "Emitted by a dapp when there is a response from a wallet accepting/rejecting an authorization request.",
    whoShouldListen: "Wallets"
  }
]}
/>

### auth_request

> When the dapp initiates a session, it will emit the `auth_request` event. The wallet should listen for this event and respond by either accepting or rejecting the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the wallet receives an authorization request, it will emit the `auth_request` event. The wallet should listen for this event and respond by either accepting or rejecting the request.
```

An example of a payload from `auth_request`:

```ts
{
    "id": 1675888751218236,
    "topic": "5d76793fc9120b07cd3555eab7dd7b28b62f2111dde168ea3ccebd5996f25179",
    "params": {
        "requester": {
            "publicKey": "6c4e9d9f1647c521b15cb991e8beba5ff06a2ec9049f09e2fd9d459b59a4ee6f",
            "metadata": {
                "name": "react-dapp-auth",
                "description": "React Example Dapp for Auth",
                "url": "react-auth-dapp.walletconnect.com",
                "icons": []
            }
        },
        "cacaoPayload": {
            "aud": "https://react-auth-dapp.walletconnect.com/",
            "domain": "walletconnect.com",
            "version": "1",
            "nonce": "t8brJc6ij9NB1b8nR",
            "iat": "2023-02-08T20:39:11.217Z",
            "statement": "Sign in with wallet."
        }
    }
}
```

### auth_response

> Once the wallet receives the request, the user will have the option to either approve or reject it. The following payloads are for an approved request and a rejected request, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the wallet receives the request, the user will have the option to either approve or reject it. The following payloads represent what is emitted by `auth_response` for an approved request and a rejected request, respectively.
```

import Table from '../../../components/Table';

# Session Events
## Events

> You can set up event listeners to perform an action if these events are emitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up event listeners to perform an action when these events are emitted.
```

<Table 
headers={[ "Events", "Description" ]}
data={[
{
event: "auth_request",

> description: "Sent by the WalletConnect client when requesting authentication from your wallet.",

Reviewer: I think it will be easier to reason about if we explain where and when the event is emitted, so implementing devs know whether they need to listen to this for their own use case:

```suggestion
description: "Emitted by the wallet when there is a request for authentication from a dapp.",
```

},
{
event: "auth_response",

> description: "Sent by the WalletConnect server when it acceps or rejects an authorization request."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Emitted by the dapp when there is a response from a wallet accepting/rejecting an authorization request."
```

},
]}
/>

## Triggering Events

> To trigger one of the events from above, you generally need to call an action. Below are a list of methods and their associated events. This is not a full list of the function available, just the ones that emit an event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To trigger one of the events from above, you generally need to call an action. Below is a list of methods and their associated events. This is not a full list of available methods, just the ones that emit an event.
```

<Table 

> headers={[ "Method", "Description", "Event On", "Event Triggered" ]}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
headers={[ "Method", "Description", "Event On", "Event Triggered on Peer" ]}
```

data={[
{
methodAuth: "request",

> description: "Send a method call request to a WalletConnect server",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Creates an authorization request. Returns a URI for the wallet to pair and approve/reject the request",
```

eventOn: "none",
eventTriggered: "auth_request"
},
{
methodAuth: "respond",

> description: "Responds to an authoirzation request",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Responds to an authorization request",
```

eventOn: "client.on('auth_request')",
eventTriggered: "auth_response"
},
{
methodAuth: "getPendingRequests",
description: "Establishes a connection with a WalletConnect server",
eventOn: "none",

> eventTriggered: "none"

Reviewer: Based on the paragraph above the table, these shouldn't be here right since they don't emit an event?
